LPA-3440 Public Front Auto-Scaling (#115)
ministryofjustice/opg-refunds: docs/pull_request_template.md

## Purpose
_Briefly describe the purpose of the change, and/or link to the JIRA ticket for context_

> Fixes [LPA-####](https://opgtransform.atlassian.net/browse/LPA-####)

Author: ```suggestion
Fixes LPA-####
```

## Approach

_Explain how your code addresses the purpose of the change_

## Learning

_Any tips and tricks, blog posts or tools which helped you. Plus anything notable you've discovered about the Refunds service_

## Checklist

* [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
* [ ] I have updated documentation (Confluence/GitHub wiki/tech debt doc) where relevant
* [ ] I have added tests to prove my work

> * [ ] The product team have tested these changes

Reviewer: Phrasing here might need a tweak? It has been demoed to product manager?

Author: We're yet to agree as a team what this template should include, I'm getting a headstart. There's things we can agree to and reference here about our agreed best practice for testing, where docs should go, and how we get acceptance.

## Purpose
_Briefly describe the purpose of the change, and/or link to the JIRA ticket for context_

Fixes [LPA-####](https://opgtransform.atlassian.net/browse/LPA-####)

## Approach

_Explain how your code addresses the purpose of the change_

## Learning

> _Any tips and tricks, blog posts or tools which helped you. Plus anything notable you've discovered about DigiDeps_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Any tips and tricks, blog posts or tools which helped you. Plus anything notable you've discovered about the Refunds service_
```
Much as I love cross-team working, y'all don't want our baggage

Author: Thanks
